{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red133\green0\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c60000\c0\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh18000\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Shreya Shukla
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 IntroCS2 pd9
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 HW1 -- Onward! To the land of CS
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 2019\'9630-01\
\
When I was twelve and bored in the summer, I began experimenting with code. My very first experience was in fact not with a programming language, but a query language called SEQUEL. I found it really fun, and got hooked on coding.  From there on, I learned the basics of coding, and taught myself a bit about how to code in different programming languages by utilizing online resources. But coding in this class was a very different experience from anything I had done before. I knew nothing about Netlogo or Scheme, and so I was a empty slate. This meant I had to start all over again and learn the basics of these languages before I could become proficient. Coding in this class was challenging, demanded a lot of time and effort, and required good problem solving skills. It required me to look things up (ie. Primitives) that would help me with my code. This was not always easy. Some days, my homework would take 1-2 hours, and sometimes barely 25 minutes. But my end result was always worth all the time and effort I put in, and I usually felt proud and self-satisfied. 
\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \cb5 \outl0\strokewidth0 Most importantly, though, this class allowed me to develop good programming habits in areas for problem-solving, brainstorming, and organization. I definitely have a more serious mindset towards programming, and even if I learn a new language to.ay, I will have a better grasp of it then I would have before. 
\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 In my opinion, I hadn\'92t experienced true coding until I took this class, and I really enjoyed it.}